In my first draft of the soundscape, I wasn't able to do much because my computer wouldn't let me put in audio clips for some reason after my first three. However, this first sampling shows the listeners that this story isn't going to be cheerful, as the music in the background suggests. I was able to add in an alarm clock that I used from an online source. I choose one from an online source because I felt that it sounded better. Then the next sound I was able to put in was a clicking sound of the alarm clock to turn it off. I was hoping to get in a few more sounds of a morning routine before I was shutdown by my computer. I am planning on writing a short script to accompany the audio and add in text message notification pings. I am hoping that it will eventually all come together. I might change the background music to something that eventually starts to pick up, in order to go with the horror theme I am trying to get at. I also have to record more sounds and I plan on trying to rent equipment from the library because my phone is not doing the trick. I also want to record some more street noise because the one I recorded today did not turn out the way I wanted to. I am hoping that I get everything figured out with the audio because I really am looking forward to completing this soundscape. I have to find time to talk with friends and get them to participate in my project. I also have to fine tune how I want the ending/cliffhanger to go. I'm not sure if I want it to end abruptly, or in a way that would leave audiences wanting more. 
